Hi, guys.
Walker.
Now, immediately these clicks on the article, but then this is going to go off.
The cuts and the screen is going to go off and the product is going to be displayed.
Okay.
So in this lecture, we are going to start designing the items screen.
Now, to do this, we are going to need to go back to the code.
Okay.
Now, over the switch directory, we are going to create a new PHI and we are going to call this PHI
cards on this underscore.
It's a dead dot.
That's okay.
Now we can't just use this unless we get and as well we can call this.
I said that over here.
We then need to use control and dots in order to impart the material to that package.
Okay.
Now we can use control and save.
First of all, we're going to give this container a height.
That is how long it's going to be.
We can give it the height of 1 to 5.
Or probably 140.
Okay.
And then.
We can just go ahead and give a background color to this so we can have the Christian and the bus,
the Christian.
We can just.
Just contribute something this way.
Okay.
First of all, we can give you what I would use to the container so we can see the videos.
There's going to be border.
Radius.
That's okay.
So it's a maybe, but, uh.
Weather radios.
But I'm just going to type it again.
What?
Whatever it is, that's.
You can guess this circular.
Let's turn.
I did trachoma in this country and this a safe.
Okay.
Now as well, we can give a colour to this container.
So we can see color is going to be colors.
That's why I can then say, since this report is going to be revised, we can say Dots 70.
So sorry.
I think.
That's.
The White.
Okay.
Why?
70 not thought.
Okay.
Now you're gonna contribute to make the smaller than for the.
Now we can just go to the cards screen.
And for there now is a lot of this.
Okay, so cut screen.
I just know how to treat color.
Okay.
So just we're going to return to the cots empty for now to see what we are doing.
Cuts.
So we cut item.
Okay.
I'm just going to wait for this.
Now a light and this country.
And that's okay.
Now.
So this.
And.
Okay.
It is over here.
I don't really know if you can see that much.
Okay.
Now what you can just do.
We can change the photo first.
Okay.
We can change the colour to red.
Red Sea sea.
Very clear.
Okay.
Now you can see the is.
The height of the continent is 140.
Okay, great.
Now we can then have a child.
So.
So we tend to content our rights that the content of a child.
The child is going to be a role because of are you able to have an image and all that we're going to
have.
It says to right.
And others.
Okay.
And as you know, this role can take multiple widgets.
It asks the children.
Okay, we can just use country.
And that's for us not to be controlled to make this way.
Okay.
Grades now for the first child.
We can then have a container.
A container and we can give this container in which I think they will want to see that is the size of
the container image.
Okay.
And then we can have a declaration and it's going to be box declaration.
And you can have the image now there's going to be decoration.
The Christian image.
Okay.
Now, in the future, I image is going to be coming from the Internet.
So it's going to be a network image.
But for now, we can just see image.
The tape is going to be.
Assets.
Image?
Well, definitely the future is going to be there.
That's walk.
Image.
Okay.
Now we're going to need to specify the parts.
So what I can do is I can go to the image that we.
Sorry, the assets images.
Okay.
We can just use the.
I have one that's PG.
Okay.
I think we have that.
We are.
That's okay.
Okay?
Yeah, we do.
So the location is assets.
Slash images, then slash a river.
So of.
See, we can just use the red dots.
P and G.
Okay.
Save.
Can clubs this.
Okay.
You can see the wire.
Now, what we can do is control B first.
Over here, we can't see fits.
It's going to be bucks fits.
Let's try to cover first and see that's going to look like.
Okay.
I think that's great.
It's.
It's just cover the entire container, okay?
What you can do is we can do some parsing and probably merge into this so we can then go to.
The container.
Okay.
I think I can just give.
Imagine it's near the edge.
It sets.
That's.
All sides.
And okay from the top, LeVar Burton writes every angle.
Okay.
I can see.
I think this is way too far, but I think this is okay.
Right.
Okay.
We can just go ahead and change this to.
The whites and.
70.
Okay.
All.
Let's see what we can do.
That's why it's.
Kindrachuk doubts.
Okay.
I think we both agree.
Three of the hundred does the shade.
Okay.
I think.
You have to try it out to see what's.
Okay, I think.
Some of the underage.
Okay.
Reasonable words.
The whites.
Of 70.
Okay.
I think it's a little bit cynical, a bit sent.
Okay, guys, we're going to continue from here in this lecture.